Here is the dialogue formatted with 'Agent:' and 'Customer:':

Agent: Hello! Hello! There's a man, can you hear me? Hello! There's a man! Yes, hi, Greg, and hello! I called... that's a lot good of. Sorry, we... we chased a phone and then it just connects. Sorry about that.

Customer: Oh, really? No. It has a phone. Oh, really? Yeah. I have a phone! It's ... it's a phone. It's an automatic. Oh really? I got it, I got it. I got it. I got it too late just now. Okay. Well, at least we got each other right here right now.

Agent: Listen, you're getting it. As I was told by my finance team, they looked into this. Now, I personally do with Atomic, but I, to be honest, I never cashed out. I stocked by my script all in Atomic and I removed anything out of Atomic. Right? Let's put it this way. So my knowledge, personal knowledge, they do limited it. But I'm checking everything up with my finance team. And they're telling me that the taxes are included in this money. So the taxes are included in this particular amount of cash that they're asking of you.

Customer: Now, how are they planning to refund it? I have no idea. Right? That's something that I most not explained. But the money that is supposed to be coming in to your account, and most likely the next step will be to ask you for the payment details, I suppose.

Agent: Where is the money going to be sending to? The money will be coming in from an account that is not related to crypto. That is the reason how they justify. And they say, that's how you don't pay taxes after the money comes into your account. You understand? Because the transfer has nothing to do with cryptocurrency. The cash health is all. If you understand what I mean.

Customer: Yeah, so what I don't understand, Benjamin, is what we are told. Well, first of all, my next question is, is the envy transfer back to index as we planned? It says? Yeah. And then convert it. Well, this is something that has to be done with the Atomic support. I suppose it is possible. I see no reason why it wouldn't be possible.

Agent: But if you can shoot them, I may just tell them I'm not interested in having this transfer to the dollar. Canadian. I'm going to transfer it over to index by myself. But whether that's possible, you already read it, so that kind of a message.

Customer: Yeah, sure. Are they because of in terms of taxes, when you get it back to index and do it on our account, you put it in a special account and whatever you have invested, you don't have to pay taxes.

Agent: Wait, wait, wait, wait. Just to correct you over there. If you have any money coming in, the dollar can aid you in front of that tax, right? In fact, there is no debate about it. Okay. The question is from what type of account or from what business is the money coming in? And then that being one of the other largest crypto currency in here, that money will be taxable at some point. Do you understand?

Customer: Yes, it will be okay. 100%. There is no debate about it. And given that you have mature withdrawals reported what you've invested, right, you will have taxes. There is no question about it.

Agent: Now, what Atomic as I was explained over here about my finances, what Atomic is offering, I mean it's not clearly explained. So let's put it this way. I have to give you a disclaimer. It's a speculation, right? A very educated speculation, let's put it this way. It can be clarified very much, I guess, in a future couple of messages.

Customer: But one of my guess is that it's going to be a candidate transfer from their account to your account. Their account that they will use will not have any kind of relations to cryptocurrency whatsoever. There goes the transfer that they are doing to you will be not taxable.

Agent: Now, how are they going to justify giving you this feedback? I have no idea, to be honest. This is not within my needs to understand. I really don't verify because in the free show that they send me, they mention that it is responsible.

Customer: Yeah, and if it's taxes, so there must be a Canadian company then they are right because they don't know. It is a Canadian company, so Atomic, Atomic, where it was founded is the Italianist's own. So, Atomic is coming from a Baltic country.

Agent: I don't know if you have heard about it, Estonia. You probably did, right? Yes. So, it's a Baltic country. Obviously, Atomic having headquarters in Estonia, a compliance with the European Union financial laws and regulations.

Customer: So, I mean, I don't know if that applies to their branch in Canada. Very much, I'm not quite sure about it. I really don't know. But I'm guessing that there are some rules and regulations.

Agent: Let's put it this way. I have had my clients withdraw a lot of money from us. And some of these clients have passed out their accounts and we haven't spoken about it afterwards. Some of them have some money left because it's continued working. Nobody has ever been complaining. Nobody, nobody ever had any sort of situation in which they haven't gotten their money.

Customer: And as I mentioned, that Atomic wallet as a crypto company is way larger than ours. I mean, facilitating a couple of hundred thousand dollars which will all will probably even have a few million dollars is a piece of cake for them.

Agent: The way I see it, you know, crypto transactions are public. So, let's say, for example, when my clients put some money in a company and they're, do they use it for staking? Staking is investing your cryptocurrency for a certain period of time. It's called staking.

Customer: So, when they do that, their money goes into some Atomic wallet facilities, meaning their own wallets. And these wallets are of course possible to be checked to see the balances and what kind of a amount of money is moved over there. And I can tell you it's a dating volume. It's about a six hundred and fifty million dollars on a twenty-four-hour basis. They're massive. They're massive. They're super big.

Agent: So, from that kind of a perspective on the information that I can gather as what I've seen with my own eyes, I can kind of personally vouch Atomic solidagem at these and of course, their facilities which are unprecedented.

Customer: Now, how are you going to guys approach this? Of course, it's, you know, I need to use, of course. But let's put it this way. You might want to think what do I think? If you can skip the middle now, which in this case would be the end act, and get your mind straight into a tent at the bank account, I take it.

Agent: And not to mention that there is on everything you get attached to. It's the most beautiful deal you could wish for in my opinion. I mean, as I said, you will approach this however you see it, but you might kind of personally link with it. I'm thinking with you now, not in the capacity as an account manager.

Customer: This would be, I'm in Geneva, Switzerland simply because I don't want to pay government, you know, 40% of my money. So, you know, I may have a little bit of a bias competing on taxes. I'm not kind of a boy scout, a good guy when he comes to taxes. I will take advantage of every sport that I can get my hand on, simply because I consider this to be, I should say, I kind of a little bit of a thinking, but that's opinion.

Agent: Let's put it this way. I don't want to impose my will on you. That's my opinion. Yes. So, it comes to taxes and expenses of moving money or cashing out my investments. And I'm coming from your head of state, you know, in there, they would see you alive. And you got to be to get sick here. You're done for. You can basically go bankrupt, you know.

Customer: And so, I don't know, I have a certain perspective on the matter. And I'm okay to share that as perspective, but of course, I said, I don't expect you to have my perspective.

Agent: So, Benjamin, would it hurt to ask him if we can go and send it forward to Maddox? And the money would be enough. And I mean, the money would be enough if we put in there.

Customer: Yes, of course. That was my original suggestion. The bad things to be, of course, to treat them a mess. And it would be possible to get it done this. But if we couldn't have you a problem, I mean, and then you can send me a free flow later on, if you can ask another side question or two regarding how do they plan to justify this fee fee return, and whether that fee includes taxes as well, taxation.

Agent: But you don't have to if you don't want to. No, no, no, no. Good points. No, no, no. Yeah, yeah. Because if it does, then you've got yourself the best deal there is. Obviously.

Customer: So in other words, what you're saying that extra fee of almost $27,000 would be including income tax. Canadian income tax, is that what you're saying?

Agent: Not income tax, capital gains tax. Apple would have income tax, only if you are licensed and registered day-traders. Meaning you do this for a living.

Customer: Yeah, what's that? Capital gains tax does not mean, it's only sufficient to watch you guys are new. You guys are not day-traders. That's important for life as I say.

Agent: So day-traders will have income tax, right? Simply because this is their job. This is their profession. This is what they do for a living. Capital gains tax is a simple sale of the asset. You understand? The CLA does not have any sort of information what you do with your fading account with all real growth. You understand? There is no information about it. They only see transfers or certain amount of crypto and that you've got stack of certain amount of crypto.

Customer: Which is, initially, let's say for example, you did without that, right? You bought a certain amount of bitcoin, you transferred it over to some wallet. They don't know what kind of conversion has to be done. Did you buy bitcoin cash, Ethereum, did you buy plum, did you buy Cardano, did you buy some altcoins that is less than way below one cent? Because people do that all the time.

Agent: But it's just for me to clarify probably a tonics perspective. In a tonics you'll notice hundreds. It's probably not thousands of coins available over there. Make sure you have coins on a tonics are way below a set. Which means let's say for about a thousand dollars, you would get let's say 25 million or even 25 billion of these coins. Any people one of them, right? Lines us to let's say half a dollar or a dollar, people will end up making for a thousand bucks. Probably a couple of hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars.

Customer: Now, of course, this is borderline gambling. But when we're talking about tax limitation of expenses and especially in crypto, this is how you justify it. Especially when we're doing crypto trading. There's no capital or pensioners understand that for me.

Agent: So if there's a tax, we're going to ask them, I think. But that will be copied to gaining taxes. Who would keep that the company? No, no. What is it? As for the message that they've sent, you would get that back. I mean, I am testing that there will take some money out. There's an utilization of the transfer, right? These things usually go without saying.

Customer: But if you can get away with, I don't know, let's say $69,000 in America plus the 20s, whatever they're asking in Canada dollars, I'm not quite sure. But let's say it all rounds out to what? About $160,000 in 18 years. Unless they get back $110,000, I would feel sensitive to be on an amazing deal.

Agent: So in order to break it down, right? Ask them for the option of transferring interest to an asset that you do everything on your own and you're handling everything on your own, right? Even when taxes come into place. And then enter. Expansion in an index. They don't charge that extra fee or you don't know. You have a fee for the transfer. But they are not dealing with taxes. You understand? They will send you the money and how will you deal with it? You deal with it.

Customer: So, but I got a question for you. If it's not a problem, of course. What kind of tax bracket are you guys in? Pretend it's life. What's your tax tax tax tax tax tax? 35% or something. Are you about 40?

Agent: No, I don't think about it already. No. So, yeah, so I mean, and that's what the first. For this amount, we are not supposed to pay tax. It's what we get back now because that's what we, in total, invested roughly, right? What we sent there.

Customer: So, in terms of income, our account, there's no taxes to pay. Maybe a little bit. There's a little bit over. But you know what I mean, right? The $65,000 US dollars. It's about equal what we sent. So, when we take that out, there shouldn't be any taxes for us.

Agent: Yes, that is correct. Do I have taxes? Should the calculated amount of money get transferred? Sorry, the amount of money that you withdrawing, the minus the amount of money that you're transferred? And that amount of money that you've, that is the difference, the subject, the subject of all taxes. Right.

Customer: Okay. Let's do this. Double check everything with them. Double check everything with them. We can see the message as soon as they reply. Send me a free shot and I'll get back with you.

Agent: That's okay. Good. Thanks so much. No problem. You're welcome. Okay, bye again. Bye, Rachel.